ticdc: using canal or maxwell protocol will not throw an exception (#4948)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

## After I upgrade the TiCDC cluster to v4.0.8, the `[CDC:ErrKafkaInvalidConfig]Canal requires old value to be enabled` error is reported when I execute a changefeed

> Since v4.0.8, if the `canal` or `maxwell` protocol is used for output in a changefeed, TiCDC enables the Old Value feature automatically. However, if you upgrade TiCDC from earlier versions to v4.0.8 or later, when changefeed uses the `canal` or `maxwell` protocol and the Old Value feature is disabled, this error is reported. To fix the error, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v4.0.8, if the `canal` or `maxwell` protocol is used for output in a changefeed, TiCDC enables the old value feature automatically. However, if you have upgraded TiCDC from an earlier version to v4.0.8 or later, when the changefeed uses the `canal` or `maxwell` protocol and the old value feature is disabled, this error is reported. To fix the error, take the following steps:
```
